# giki - a Git-powered wiki

**Not ready to be used yet!**

giki is a web wiki powered by Git and your favourite markup language*. You can edit it through a nice web interface, or clone it like a normal Git repository.

<small>*So long as it's Markdown, ReST or Textile - if you want anything else, file an issue and I'll look into it! Better yet, feel free to add it to `formatter.py` and file a pull request.</small>

## Planned features

- Themeable using Jinja
- Bootstrap-based default theme (in progress)
	- LaTeX style math
	- code syntax highlighting
	- WYSIWYG HTML editing that doesn't suck with wysihtml5
	- Syntax-highlighted editor for everything else with CodeMirror (done)
- Public WSGI web app mode for your server
	- Authentication and per user permissions
	- Serves your wiki as a Git server (smart-HTTP method)
- Single user web app mode for your local machine
	- Self-contained wrapper app for Mac OS X
	- One click sync (fetch-merge-pull) with a server instance or any other Git server
	
## Usage

### Single user wiki

To run a single user wiki server on your local machine, from an existing Git repo, run the `giki` command.

```shell
$ giki -h
usage: giki [-h] [-p, --port PORT] [-P, --path PATH] AUTHOR

Run a single user Git wiki server

positional arguments:
  AUTHOR           Author in Git "name <email>" syntax to sign commits with

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -p, --port PORT  Port to serve on
  -P, --path PATH  Path to the Git bare repo

  $ git init --bare .
  Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/Adam/personal_projects/giki/temp/

$ giki "Test User <test@example.com>"
Starting wiki at http://localhost:8080/. Press ^C to exit.
```

## Extending

There's no lovely Sphinx docs yet, but everything important should have a docstring.

- `core` defines the `Wiki` and `WikiPage` classes, which are responsible for dealing with the Git repository. Anything that touches Git should go here.
- `formatter` converts formats like Markdown and friends to HTML. Anything responsible for turning raw markup into generic, unstyled HTML should go here.
- `web` is the web interface. Anything responsible formatting the HTML, providing interactive functions, and so on, goes here.
- `web_framework` is a Flask-inspired object-based WSGI micro-framework that has no module globals or thread locals, allowing multiple apps in the same process.
